hey YouTube laughing for here with
another Pocket Edition video and I'm
going to do a what how to find out if
her brain is on your world so one it
would be a path of flowers leading to
some direction some random direction
anywhere actually
there would be let's see floating blocks
in the air like that one I don't know
how that even got up there um what else
there would be random ages everywhere
like for instance one there I don't know
what the Frick was that and went over
there if you haven't seen the helburn
video please check it out another way is
that you'll be making random pillars to
lead you to his location see up here you
go up here you go up here it's it's so
easy to get up mounts that's one the
king of parkour yeah Oh Lord Jesus he
will make these Jesus no okay he would
make these little random dirt houses out
of dirt gosh he would spawn a whole
bunch of mobs of mobs on you and another
one away is a black sheep more black
sheep than white cheap honor the way is
um what is it the other way that um what
was that there would be rent that the
sand wouldn't fall when you delete a
block underneath it another way is that
skeletons will hit you repeatedly and
trees would wouldn't have leaves so it's
just a big wood pillar there would be
random craters in the world um there
would be random holes too
and all that crap oh yeah I was in the
episode that was in the last episode I
was confused I was like what's that and
it would be more there would be a lot of
creepers and like hardly any self
skeleton zombies or spiders so yeah that
was happy to find out if her brain is on
your world for the Pocket Edition and
computer edition and like PC ok what the
Frick why is our wool okay and there's
Rena or just doesn't look there's
nothing down there
yeah so thank you for watching subscribe
like and my channel I don't care if you
like just like comment subscribe or
unsubscribe but I prefer if you do like
and subscribe that could help me a lot
so thank you for watching hope you
enjoyed bye bye